Update add and delete commands in UG (#161)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F08-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Adds a person to the address book.

Format: `add n/NAME e/EMAIL g/GENDER a/AGE [d/DETAIL] [t/STUDY_GROUP_TAG]…​`

> * Gender and study group tags are **case-insensitive**

Reviewer: If I'm not wrong, we would wanna make `Email` case-insensitive as well!

  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)
* `find a/30 40 50-60` returns all persons who are either `30`, `40`, or whose ages are `between 50 and 60`

### Deleting persons : `delete`

Deletes the specified persons from the address book.

Format: `delete INDEX [INDEX...] [INDEX-INDEX]...`

* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX` or range of indices
* The index must be within the range
* When using ranges, ensure there are **no spaces** around the hyphen (e.g., `1-5` is valid, while `1 - 5` is not).

Examples:

> * `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the address book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the displayed list.
```

Author: Thx for all the comments! Nice catch :)

* `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

> * `delete 1 3 5-7` deletes the 1st, 3rd, and persons from the 5th to the 7th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete 1 3 5-7` deletes the 1st, 3rd, 5th, 6th and 7th person in the displayed list.
```
